where do we begin a year ago these cops
and lawyers wouldn't dare cross any of
you I mean what happened so what are you
proposing it's simple kill the batman
here's my card
Bruce Harvey Dent Rachel told me
everything about you certainly I'm not
you always told me we'd be together did
you mean it Chris don't make me your
only hope for normal life
you're Alfred right that's right so a
psychotic ex boyfriends I should be
aware of you act not like damn good
evening ladies and gentlemen we're
tonight's entertainment well hello
beautiful
they look nervous
I've seen now we're after the gun to
stop men like him the night is darkest
just before the dawn I promise you the
dog is coming and here we go
this city deserves a better class of
criminal
I'm going to give it done
we'll see i'll show you
either die a hero
or you live long enough to see yourself
become the villain
will you be one in the back pocket
little the day Alfred number so the
Lamborghini day much more subtle